README.md, before:

# Patient Consent Management Service

The Patient Consent Management (PCM) Service is one of the core components of the Consent2Share (C2S) application. The PCM provides APIs for patients to manage their electronic consents including consent create, consent edit, consent delete, consent eSignature and patient provider list management. An electronic patient consent is a digital agreement created and electronically signed by the patient to do the following:

1. Select which *sensitive categories* of health information he or she wishes to share
2. Select the *purposes* for which the medical information may be used
3. Identify the provider *from* whom the information can be disclosed
4. Identify the provider *to* whom the information can be disclosed
5. Record the date when the consent *goes into effect*
6. Identify the *expiration date* of the consent


## Build

### Prerequisites

+ [Oracle Java JDK 8 with Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) Unlimited Strength Jurisdiction Policy](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html)
+ [Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) (for building a Docker image from the project)

### Commands

This is a Maven project and requires [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) 3.3.3 or greater to build it. It is recommended to use the *Maven Wrapper* scripts provided with this project. *Maven Wrapper* requires an internet connection to download Maven and project dependencies for the very first build.

To build the project, navigate to the folder that contains `pom.xml` file using the terminal/command line.

+ To build a JAR:
    + For Windows, run `mvnw.cmd clean install`
    + For *nix systems, run `mvnw clean install`
+ To build a Docker Image (this will create an image with `bhits/pcm:latest` tag):
    + For Windows, run `mvnw.cmd clean package docker:build`
    + For *nix systems, run `mvnw clean package docker:build`

## Run

### Prerequisites

This service uses *[MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)* for persistence and *[Flyway](https://flywaydb.org/)* for database migration. It requires having a database user account with Object and DDL Rights to a schema with default name `pcm`. Please see [Configure](#configure) section for details of configuring the data source.

A few additional [SQL files](https://github.com/bhits/pcm/blob/master/pcm-db-sample) are provided with this project to populate the database with sample `purpose`, `consent attestation term` and `consent revocation term` contents.

### Commands

This is a [Spring Boot](https://projects.spring.io/spring-boot/) project and serves the service via an embedded Tomcat instance. Therefore, there is no need for a separate application server to run this service.
+ Run as a JAR file: `java -jar pcm-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT.jar <additional program arguments>`
+ Run as a Docker Container: `docker run -d bhits/pcm:latest <additional program arguments>`

*NOTE: In order for this service to fully function as a microservice in the Consent2Share application, it is required to setup the dependency microservices and the support level infrastructure. Please refer to the Consent2Share Deployment Guide in the corresponding Consent2Share release (see [Consent2Share Releases Page](https://github.com/bhits/consent2share/releases)) for instructions to setup the Consent2Share infrastructure.*

## Configure

This service utilizes [`Configuration Server`](https://github.com/bhits/config-server) which is based on [Spring Cloud Config](https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config) to manage externalized configuration, which is stored in a `Configuration Data Git Repository`. We provide a [`Default Configuration Data Git Repository`]( https://github.com/bhits/c2s-config-data).

This service can run with the default configuration, which is targeted for a local development environment. Default configuration data is from three places: `bootstrap.yml`, `application.yml`, and the data which `Configuration Server` reads from `Configuration Data Git Repository`. Both `bootstrap.yml` and `application.yml` files are located in the `resources` folder of this source code.

We **recommend** overriding the configuration as needed in the `Configuration Data Git Repository`, which is used by the `Configuration Server`.

Also, please refer to [Spring Cloud Config Documentation](https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-config/spring-cloud-config.html) to see how the config server works, [Spring Boot Externalized Configuration](http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/boot-features-external-config.html) documentation to see how Spring Boot applies the order to load the properties, and [Spring Boot Common Properties](http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/common-application-properties.html) documentation to see the common properties used by Spring Boot.

### Other Ways to Override Configuration

#### Override a Configuration Using Program Arguments While Running as a JAR:

+ `java -jar pcm-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT.jar --server.port=80 --spring.datasource.password=strongpassword`

#### Override a Configuration Using Program Arguments While Running as a Docker Container:

+ `docker run -d bhits/pcm:latest --server.port=80 --spring.datasource.password=strongpassword`

+ In a `docker-compose.yml`, this can be provided as:
```yml
version: '2'
services:
...
  pcm.c2s.com:
    image: "bhits/pcm:latest"
    command: ["--server.port=80","--spring.datasource.password=strongpassword"]
...
```
*NOTE: Please note that these additional arguments will be appended to the default `ENTRYPOINT` specified in the `Dockerfile` unless the `ENTRYPOINT` is overridden.*

### Enable SSL

For simplicity in development and testing environments, SSL is **NOT** enabled by default configuration. SSL can easily be enabled following the examples below:

#### Enable SSL While Running as a JAR

+ `java -jar pcm-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT.jar --spring.profiles.active=ssl --server.ssl.key-store=/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore --server.ssl.key-store-password=strongkeystorepassword`

#### Enable SSL While Running as a Docker Container

+ `docker run -d -v "/path/on/dockerhost/ssl_keystore.keystore:/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore" bhits/pcm:latest --spring.profiles.active=ssl --server.ssl.key-store=/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore --server.ssl.key-store-password=strongkeystorepassword`
+ In a `docker-compose.yml`, this can be provided as:
```yml
version: '2'
services:
...
  pcm.c2s.com:
    image: "bhits/pcm:latest"
    command: ["--spring.profiles.active=ssl","--server.ssl.key-store=/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore", "--server.ssl.key-store-password=strongkeystorepassword"]
    volumes:
      - /path/on/dockerhost/ssl_keystore.keystore:/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore
...
```

*NOTE: As seen in the examples above, `/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore` is made available to the container via a volume mounted from the Docker host running this container.*

### Override Java CA Certificates Store In Docker Environment

Java has a default CA Certificates Store that allows it to trust well-known certificate authorities. For development and testing purposes, one might want to trust additional self-signed certificates. In order to override the default Java CA Certificates Store in a Docker container, one can mount a custom `cacerts` file over the default one in the Docker image as follows `docker run -d -v "/path/on/dockerhost/to/custom/cacerts:/etc/ssl/certs/java/cacerts" bhits/pcm:latest`

*NOTE: The `cacerts` references given in the volume mapping above are files, not directories.*

[//]: # (## Service Documentation)

## Notes

[//]: # (## Contribute)

## Contact

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns please see [Consent2Share](https://bhits.github.io/consent2share/) project site.

## Report Issues

Please use [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/bhits/pcm/issues) page to report issues.

[//]: # (License)

Commit message:

Modify repo references from bhits to bhits-dev and image references from bhits to bhitsdev
#13515 - As a developer, I will have released C2S 3.1.0

README.md, after:

# Patient Consent Management Service

The Patient Consent Management (PCM) Service is one of the core components of the Consent2Share (C2S) application. The PCM provides APIs for patients to manage their electronic consents including consent create, consent edit, consent delete, consent eSignature and patient provider list management. An electronic patient consent is a digital agreement created and electronically signed by the patient to do the following:

1. Select which *sensitive categories* of health information he or she wishes to share
2. Select the *purposes* for which the medical information may be used
3. Identify the provider *from* whom the information can be disclosed
4. Identify the provider *to* whom the information can be disclosed
5. Record the date when the consent *goes into effect*
6. Identify the *expiration date* of the consent


## Build

### Prerequisites

+ [Oracle Java JDK 8 with Java Cryptography Extension (JCE) Unlimited Strength Jurisdiction Policy](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html)
+ [Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) (for building a Docker image from the project)

### Commands

This is a Maven project and requires [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/) 3.3.3 or greater to build it. It is recommended to use the *Maven Wrapper* scripts provided with this project. *Maven Wrapper* requires an internet connection to download Maven and project dependencies for the very first build.

To build the project, navigate to the folder that contains `pom.xml` file using the terminal/command line.

+ To build a JAR:
    + For Windows, run `mvnw.cmd clean install`
    + For *nix systems, run `mvnw clean install`
+ To build a Docker Image (this will create an image with `bhitsdev/pcm:latest` tag):
    + For Windows, run `mvnw.cmd clean package docker:build`
    + For *nix systems, run `mvnw clean package docker:build`

## Run

### Prerequisites

This service uses *[MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)* for persistence and *[Flyway](https://flywaydb.org/)* for database migration. It requires having a database user account with Object and DDL Rights to a schema with default name `pcm`. Please see [Configure](#configure) section for details of configuring the data source.

A few additional [SQL files](https://github.com/bhits-dev/pcm/blob/master/pcm-db-sample) are provided with this project to populate the database with sample `purpose`, `consent attestation term` and `consent revocation term` contents.

### Commands

This is a [Spring Boot](https://projects.spring.io/spring-boot/) project and serves the service via an embedded Tomcat instance. Therefore, there is no need for a separate application server to run this service.
+ Run as a JAR file: `java -jar pcm-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT.jar <additional program arguments>`
+ Run as a Docker Container: `docker run -d bhitsdev/pcm:latest <additional program arguments>`

*NOTE: In order for this service to fully function as a microservice in the Consent2Share application, it is required to setup the dependency microservices and the support level infrastructure. Please refer to the Consent2Share Deployment Guide in the corresponding Consent2Share release (see [Consent2Share Releases Page](https://github.com/bhits-dev/consent2share/releases)) for instructions to setup the Consent2Share infrastructure.*

## Configure

This service utilizes [`Configuration Server`](https://github.com/bhits-dev/config-server) which is based on [Spring Cloud Config](https://github.com/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config) to manage externalized configuration, which is stored in a `Configuration Data Git Repository`. We provide a [`Default Configuration Data Git Repository`]( https://github.com/bhits-dev/c2s-config-data).

This service can run with the default configuration, which is targeted for a local development environment. Default configuration data is from three places: `bootstrap.yml`, `application.yml`, and the data which `Configuration Server` reads from `Configuration Data Git Repository`. Both `bootstrap.yml` and `application.yml` files are located in the `resources` folder of this source code.

We **recommend** overriding the configuration as needed in the `Configuration Data Git Repository`, which is used by the `Configuration Server`.

Also, please refer to [Spring Cloud Config Documentation](https://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-config/spring-cloud-config.html) to see how the config server works, [Spring Boot Externalized Configuration](http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/boot-features-external-config.html) documentation to see how Spring Boot applies the order to load the properties, and [Spring Boot Common Properties](http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/common-application-properties.html) documentation to see the common properties used by Spring Boot.

### Other Ways to Override Configuration

#### Override a Configuration Using Program Arguments While Running as a JAR:

+ `java -jar pcm-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT.jar --server.port=80 --spring.datasource.password=strongpassword`

#### Override a Configuration Using Program Arguments While Running as a Docker Container:

+ `docker run -d bhitsdev/pcm:latest --server.port=80 --spring.datasource.password=strongpassword`

+ In a `docker-compose.yml`, this can be provided as:
```yml
version: '2'
services:
...
  pcm.c2s.com:
    image: "bhitsdev/pcm:latest"
    command: ["--server.port=80","--spring.datasource.password=strongpassword"]
...
```
*NOTE: Please note that these additional arguments will be appended to the default `ENTRYPOINT` specified in the `Dockerfile` unless the `ENTRYPOINT` is overridden.*

### Enable SSL

For simplicity in development and testing environments, SSL is **NOT** enabled by default configuration. SSL can easily be enabled following the examples below:

#### Enable SSL While Running as a JAR

+ `java -jar pcm-x.x.x-SNAPSHOT.jar --spring.profiles.active=ssl --server.ssl.key-store=/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore --server.ssl.key-store-password=strongkeystorepassword`

#### Enable SSL While Running as a Docker Container

+ `docker run -d -v "/path/on/dockerhost/ssl_keystore.keystore:/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore" bhitsdev/pcm:latest --spring.profiles.active=ssl --server.ssl.key-store=/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore --server.ssl.key-store-password=strongkeystorepassword`
+ In a `docker-compose.yml`, this can be provided as:
```yml
version: '2'
services:
...
  pcm.c2s.com:
    image: "bhitsdev/pcm:latest"
    command: ["--spring.profiles.active=ssl","--server.ssl.key-store=/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore", "--server.ssl.key-store-password=strongkeystorepassword"]
    volumes:
      - /path/on/dockerhost/ssl_keystore.keystore:/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore
...
```

*NOTE: As seen in the examples above, `/path/to/ssl_keystore.keystore` is made available to the container via a volume mounted from the Docker host running this container.*

### Override Java CA Certificates Store In Docker Environment

Java has a default CA Certificates Store that allows it to trust well-known certificate authorities. For development and testing purposes, one might want to trust additional self-signed certificates. In order to override the default Java CA Certificates Store in a Docker container, one can mount a custom `cacerts` file over the default one in the Docker image as follows `docker run -d -v "/path/on/dockerhost/to/custom/cacerts:/etc/ssl/certs/java/cacerts" bhitsdev/pcm:latest`

*NOTE: The `cacerts` references given in the volume mapping above are files, not directories.*

[//]: # (## Service Documentation)

## Notes

[//]: # (## Contribute)

## Contact

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns please see [Consent2Share](https://bhits.github.io/consent2share/) project site.

## Report Issues

Please use [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/bhits-dev/pcm/issues) page to report issues.

[//]: # (License)
